this file covers the design of a fused mix precision moe

the ultimate goal is to have a mixed precision moe ( one with nvfp4 one with bf 16 )
please refer to huanchen-twoGemmMoE branch for more motivation in the .agent design docs

mainly the motivation is that Arithmetic Intensity AI is different for different experts:
    for hot experts, the AI is high
    for cold experts, the AI is very low, and the precision gain from loading weights is diminishing
so we aim to have lower precision for cold experts.

the naive scheme we are working towards is to have nvfp4 for cold experts and bf16 for hot experts
because the token distributio might change throughput the serving process, we simply keep two versions
of model weight in memory, please refer to the test files in huanchne-twoGemmMoe for more details
on what the ultimate outcome looks like.
    note that the tests are constructed in that way because we can only simuilate one layer on 5070
    the ultimate evaluation benchmark will be using rtx 6000 pro, we finish impl first before we 
    move on to testing

within one simple moe layer, we aim to have two precision gemms
because the fused groupgemm requries the expert weights to be contiguous, we simply store weights 
with the same precision together. so the layout of bf16 experts are contiguous and so does the layout 
for nvfp4 experts.

the compute of fused moe involves the following steps @moe_kernels.cu
1. sorting the expert-token index (prep for expand input)
2. expand input (and optionally fused with quantization)
3. gemm1
4. swiglu activation (cannot be fused due to glu) (and optionally fused with quantization)
5. gemm2 (and fused with finalize (combining results from different experts together))

essentially we want to have a mixed precision runmoe function that augment upon the current runmoe

0. arguments:
    there should be extra arguments for the store of both expert weights (one bf16 the other nvfp4)
    there should also be extra artument for how many experts are selected as high precision

1. sorting keeps the same, but added with another step:
    sorting the experts based on token count per expert: we can reuse the radix helper function
    since the number of experts is fixed, the output should contain extra info of expert precision assignments
    for example,
        if there are A tokens and K for topK and E for num_experts, there will be a total of AK tokens
        the original prefix list will have [E+1] elements
        let there be 4 experts in total and AK=16, the prefix list might be [0, 4, 6, 10, 16(or 15 i don't know detail)]
        we can easily compute the number of tokens per expert with the prefixes [4, 2, 4, 6]
        we categorize these into two groups, DEPENDING ON THE EXTRA INPUT ARGUMENT OF THE 
        FUSEDMIXPRESISION MOE FUNCTION , for example, we only have top 1/4 experts seleted as high
        precision, then the output should have [0, 0, 0, 1] as output, indicating only the last expert
        is assigned with high precision and the first three will be using the nvfp4 experts
        another thing to keep in mind is that this requires you also be able to inversely combine back
        the scores from different experts to the final output tensor
2. expand input fusion with quantization
    essentially this needs to handle extra work as the output of this function will be writing to 
    two buffers, the size of each buffer is the same as before because we need to prepare for the 
    worst case of routing. and the work this function does is also more complexed.
    iterating throught the prefix as before but this time this is done twice, once a pass on bf16 experts 
    and write to the output buffer prepared for bf16; the other for nvfp4
    it requires the extra output of the previous change to know which expert is of which precision
    i guess the quantizatio step here is almost fully memory bound as well even for nvfp4, but be creative
    about potential solutions to optimize the step
    the eventual output of this step is simply one large buffer with an index indicating the boundary of the
    two different groups
        reason if it could be benefitial to store the index along within the buffer or within other buffer
        instead of as a separate integer
        also note that there will be other data like scaling factor for nvfp4 quantization, i didn't stress
        that for sake of simplicity, but you need to take care of it... same for the quantization step afterwards
3. because each expert only gets one precision, and we do gemm one by one: i.e. perform the groupgemm of bf16
    and then the groupgemm of nvfp4. when doing this kind of groupgemm, it can never be that both groupgemm
    activates the majority of experts
    there exists a short pass -- min latency --  for sparsely activated moe, release the condition to <=128 
    for nvfp4 compute: i.e. if the total batch size is as low as 128, use short pass for nvfp4, 
    however this could lead to potential nauces so we can defer this logit to future implementation
    the overall output of two gemms should be writing to the same large buffer, with an index indicating the boundary,
    which can be precomputed way ahead even before the groupgemm starts, with the input information
4. the activation of both bf16 gemm1 output and nvfp4 gemm1 output could potentially be merged together.
    this is simply because the output are casted to bf16 even if the computation is in nvfp4.
    It seems to be the end of this part, but unfortunately we still need to prepare for the precision of 
    gemm2, specifically, we need to quantize the output of activations to nvfp4 for the nvfp4 group.
    As indicated by the buffer index from the previous step, we know what to quantize, similar to step2 the output
    is also one large buffer with a boundary index
5. gemm2 is almost the same as gemm1, the only difference is that you need also to take care of the finalize
    or the combination of scores. again because the case of nvfp4 --> bf16 is within the epilogue of groupgemm,
    you don't need to explicitly worry about it. however you should take care of writing from two different
    groups all to the corresponding position of the output tensor

the eventual benefit of having such a complex workflow is to:
1. having one fused activation call
2. minimize the impact of quantization. 

throughout the implementation you should be highly aware of efficiency:
1. for sure minimal requirement is that the code is compatible with cudagraph: always use preallocated buffer
2. compilation compatible
3. keep the PDL awareness throughout the function